what you have now: a tree of a directory, that can be accessed, and has a stat corresponding to every file in the tree.

the stat thing might help detecting change in trees.

OBJECTIVE OF THE PROGRAM: Put the initial directory in a tree, make a copy of that tree, and paste its contents in the other directory.
			
			  I recommend handling this in a update_diff(T1,T2) function, where the function sees what differences T1 and T2, and then changes T2, to make it like 
		     	  T1. This will be hard. Now, the simplest way to achieve this behavior would be to do a node by node check of T1, T2, and if even one difference is f
		     	  found, then we run a recursive delete on T2, and then paste contents of T1 in that directory again. And that makes sense in some cases, but this 
		     	  simple function would have no way of differentiating between those cases, and cases in which only a single file is modified, It's excessive,
		     	  and inefficient to do that for small operations. We need a function that doesnt need to be told "oh yeah this is one of those cases, just
		     	  recursive delete" directly, i want that to be a result, not an instruction. I need to think of a function that can play on the character level, or the
		     	  directory level, and I think I know how.
		     	  
		          INITIAL PHASE:
		          
		     	  	AT THE TOP DIRECTORY LEVEL(LEVEL 0): 
		     	  	
		     	  		1. If target directory doesn't have same name, dont do anything, exit. Creating directory with same name is user's job.
		     	  		
		     	  		2. If it has same name, use construct_base_tree on target directory.
		     	  		
		     	  		FILES(LEVEL 1):
		     	  			
		     	  			
		     	  			1. Let L1 be the list of files in initial directory, and L2 be the list of files in target directory,
		     	  			   remove all the files that aren't in L1, add all the files that are in L1, but not in L2.
		     	  			   
		     	  		
		     	  		DIRECTORIES(LEVEL 1):
		     	  			
		     	  			1. Let L1 be the list of directories in initial directory, and let L2 be the list of files in target directory,
		     	  		           recursive delete all the directories that aren't in L1, recursive add all directories that are in L1 but not in L2.
		     	  			      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     	WATCHING PHASE:
		     	
		     	   This is gonna be a slightly different approach, and general(programming aspect to be dealt with at the time of programming),
		     	   
		     	   ok so we have two trees now T1, T2.
		     	   
		     	   step 1: look for any changes in T1, T2, and make those changes in the tree as well, expect the worst(deleted directories, renaming)
		     	   step 2: implement a function called equalize that will make T2 like T1, by creating, deleting, or renaming.
		     	   step 3: implement a function that notices differences between actual files and the tree, and implements changes in the tree, in the actual files.
			   		
		     					      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
		     				      
